---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdom_http_check Resource - pingdom"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CheckDetail resource
---

# pingdom_http_check (Resource)

CheckDetail resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host` (String) The host of the check.
- `name` (String) The name of the check.

### Optional

- `auth` (Attributes) Authentication configuration in case the host is protected by basic auth. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth))
- `contact_ids` (Set of String) A list of contact IDs that will be notified.
- `frequency` (String) Define how frequent the check should run. Allowed values are: 1m, 5m, 15m, 30m and 60m.
- `message` (String) A custom message for the check to be send in the notifications.
- `notify_again_every` (Number) Notify the contacts again when the check continues to be down after X times. The default value is 0.
- `notify_when_back_up` (Boolean) Notify the contacts when the check is back-up.
- `notify_when_down` (Number) Notify the contacts when the check is down for X times. The default value is 2.
- `paused` (Boolean) Whether the check is paused.
- `regions` (Set of String) A list of regions from which the check will be performed.
- `response_time_threshold` (Number) Triggers a downtime if the response time exceeds this threshold (in ms). The default value is 30s (30000ms).
- `ssl_down_days_before` (Number) Trigger a downtime if the SSL certificate expires in the given days. The default value is 7 days.
- `tags` (Map of String) A list of tags for the check.
- `url` (String) A specific URL to check against.
- `verify_certificate` (Boolean) Trigger a downtime if the SSL certificate is invalid or unverifiable. The default value is true.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the check in Pingdom.

<a id="nestedatt--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password for basic auth.
- `username` (String) The username for basic auth.
